Top Menus
=========

.. _Top Menus:

This is a general overview of the menus located directly above the
model viewport. All of the subsections will be covered in later documentation.

Desktop
-------

General file options, like New, Open, Save, etc. are all located up
here, as well as the options to add new ICEPAK designs. Nothing too
interesting.

View
----

Really uninteresting, nothing notable, etc.

Draw
----

This is where the real settings begin. This is where all of the modeling
settings are located for creating sketches, volumes, etc. Ideally, all of
this would be done in an external modeling software, however this will do
in a pinch.

Model
-----

Here, you can connect to spaceclaim to accelerate your design workflow, or
import/export geometry to and from Icepak.

Simulation
----------

This subsection of menu is a combination of ANSYS Mesher and Fluent, and is
most likely where 99% of headaches are caused. These settings will be covered
more in depth in later sections, however each menu item will get a brief intro
here.

:ref:`Setup <SimSetup>`:
    This is where you define your solver settings, convergence params, and model types.

:ref:`Global Mesh Settings <MeshGen>`:
    Here is where you set all of the mesh generation parameters. You can always take the
    auto-generation route, but I suggest going over to the advanced tab and messing things up yourself.

Generate Mesh:
    This generates the mesh and allows you to view it. It has a built-in section
    view option, but I find it very difficult to use.

Mesh Viewer:
    View mesh.

Optimetrics:
    This section allows you to :ref:`parameterize <Parameterization>` your design,
    allowing you to optimize the system for optimal cooling and airflow.

Validate:
    This option checks over the entire project and makes sure that everything which
    needs to be there is present, and checks to make sure nothing is corrupted.

Analyze All:
    This is the equivalent to the Run Calculation button in Fluent. This is what
    makes your computer cry out for help, and what warms up the office by 5 degrees.

HPC Options:
    Options for the server settings, unsure of how this is setup currently.

Scheduler, Submit, and Monitor:
    All regarding to server CFD submissions. Again, not entirely sure what this does.


Results
-------

This is where you can set and get output variables, graphs, residual plots, and more.

Again, all of this will hopefully be covered in a later section.

Automation
----------

I don't know and I'm too scared of it right now

Minerva
-------

My current understanding of Ansys Minerva is that it is the equivalent to Git for Ansys products.
For the purposes of this team, I doubt we will ever find a need for this service.
